if pre-heated nozzle has a really warm or hot coupling,
this may be sign of a failing fan (and fan isn't being
held back by dust / filaments)
if there is some filament at the hot end part of tube and 
filament is all around the inside of tube end, this is
sign that PTFE tubing is losing a bit of its lubricating
	-slow retraction
	-slow prints
	-leads to gaps to prints and strings
	-if tubing is black, that indicates burnt tube
		-this will give terrible retraction and prints
		-indicates replacement or clip off piece of tube
	-bad tube can also lead to nozzle replacement
	-thumb nozzle
		Ender 3 Nozzle Set: https://amzn.to/2YNRee0
		Clear PTFE: https://amzn.to/3eRLZQe
		Creality 24v Fan Set: https://amzn.to/38u9aOl
	-relevel bed once replacement
clean extruder because if its too dirty, then it starts
slipping
	-if fans dont work, heat has to go somewhere,
		and it goes into the tube, destroying it
3D Printer Maintenance CheckList -
	Loose belts: adjust idler wheel to adjust belt tension
		loosen screws just enough for movement. Use
		flathead screwdriver as lever to gently and
		accurately add tension in and then tighten
		the screws. Make nut must engage with bar
		If belt can slide left-and-right on idler,
		there isnt enough tension and must redo process
		Can tighten idle with hand
	Worn motion components: thoroughly clean dust off.
		clean V slot extrusion itself. Debris lead
		to bumps. Use isopropyl alchohol and towels.
		Make sure V wheels are not too tight that it
		damages wheels. Lubrication (Super lube)
		anything that needs. Z axis needs it for sure
		it. If theres too much noise, use it. Check for wobbles,
		and tighten wheels. Must avoid flat spots
	Wire fatigue: there should be no char. If wires are not
		fully attached, resistance will increase. Should
		not be rubbing on any metal parts
	Dust and Debris: use cloth to get rid of superficial
		dust. Use IPA. Dust builds up at ends and wheels
		Dust builds in cool fan. Bristel vaccuum works.
		Use q tips with IPA. Canned air can help
	Clogged or worn mozzle: withdraw all filament (warm
		up filament, push down a bit for little extrusion,
		and then pull out). Make sure hot end cools completely
		before maintenance. Avoid wire does not make contact

	PTFE replacement: make sure coupler and PTFE do not have clogs
	because they are loose. Make sure drive gear is clean
	Fastener: make sure to ensure that they dont become wobbly,
	Check mouth for hot end (ruins print quality). Grub screw
	on stepper motor
	Hot end: thermistor and heating cartirdge
	must be attached properly. Held firmly in place. do NOT
	allow it to fall, or else fire most likely will happen
	Insert cleaning filament can help remove gunk in 
 	hot end
	Mods and upgrades:  

	Tools Needed: Alien key, wrench, flathead screwdriver
	(Xtrememe performance grease for lubrication), (soldering,
	heat shrink for wire repair)